# CS-370
# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
In this project I was responsible for completing the code for the Q-training algorithm. All other code and files within the project were given to me as starter code to build upon and implement my Q-training algorithm.

# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer Scientists work to identify problems that they can solve using a technological process such as automating a tedious and expensive processes or creating algorithms to solve problems that humans arent able to solve in a timely manner. These problem solving techniques are very thought intensive, creative, and cutting edge processes which lead to newer and more efficient processes for society as a whole and overall creates new advancements. The problems that computer scientists both discover and solve lead to advancements in humanity through healthcare, transportation, finance, and many other fields. The advancement of AI which was covered in this course is no exception to this and could potentially lead to new insights and solutions that humans have otherwise not thought of or are incapable of performing timely.

# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
A computer scientist must first identify and understand the problem space through extensive and detailed research. Once the problem space is understood more fully then the computer scientist must look for ways in which they could apply technological processes to solve the problem. This can be done in many ways such as writing simple computer programs up to implementing very complex neural nets and algorithms to solve the problem. Once the computer scientist has identified the best possible route to solve the problem they must then start an iterative process of developing a solution, testing the solution, gathering feedback, and updating the solution until a final well polished product is created that addresses the problem and an answer to the problem.

# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
My ethical responsibilities as a computer scientist is to always protect the users and the company that I am developing for. This means that it is my responsibility to verify the code I create has security measures in place, the code performs its functionality without bugs, and there are no possible exploits that could be used to break my code. For example, I would have to create code that protects users information such as SSN numbers, names, addresses, forms of payment, and many other highly confidential data items. Another example is that I would never want to create code that harms anyone such as creating software for an aviation system that has bugs in the code that leads to severe injuries or loss of life. Finally I want to make sure that no dependencies in my code could be used as an exploit for an attacker to gain access to the system.
